Use dbt templater outside of dbt project project root with project_dir config (#898)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: docs/source/configuration.rst

Known Caveats
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - To use the templater, you must set `templater = dbt` in a `.sqlfluff` 

Reviewer: thanks that's a very useful note :+1:

    dbt_modules/
    macros/

You can set the dbt project directory, profiles directory and profile with:

[sqlfluff:templater:dbt]
project_dir = <relative or absolute path to dbt_project directory>

> profiles_dir = <relative or absolute path to dbt_project directory>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
profiles_dir = <relative or absolute path to the directory that contains the profiles.yml file>
```

profile = <dbt profile>

Known Caveats
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - To use the dbt templater, you must set `templater = dbt` in the `.sqlfluff`

Reviewer: that note is very helpful :+1:
